add disable auto failover (#927)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/use-auto-failover.md

TiDB Operator manages Pods based on `StatefulSet`, which does not automatically create a new node to replace the original node when a Pod goes down. For this reason, the automatic failover feature is added to TiDB Operator, which expands the behavior of `StatefulSet`.

> ## Configure Automatic Failover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure automatic failover
```

Author: fixed

The automatic failover feature is enabled by default in TiDB Operator. 

> **Note:**
>
> If there are not enough resources in the cluster for TiDB Operator to create new nodes, the automatic failover feature will not take effect.

> ## Disable Automatic Failover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable automatic failover
```

Author: fixed

> You can disable it by setting `controllerManager.autoFailover` to `false` in the `charts/tidb-operator/values.yaml` file when deploying TiDB Operator, example is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable it by setting `controllerManager.autoFailover` to `false` in the `charts/tidb-operator/values.yaml` file when deploying TiDB Operator. For example:
```

Author: fixed
